blebox: add integration documentation for actionBox line of devices and Simon GO control line of devices (#35382)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/blebox.markdown

- Periodic read of current wind speed

### actionBox, actionBoxS, and proxiBox

This integration does not add direct support for actionBox, actionBoxS, and proxiBox
devices. It is however possible to integrate these devices with Home Assistant using
automations via webhooks and wBox mobile app.

> Such configuration consists of two phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration consists of two steps:
- [Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant](generating-the-compatible-webhook-in-home-assistant)
- [Configuring the device in the wBox app](#configuring-the-device-in-the-wbox-app)

```

> Phase one requires generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant
```

1. Open Home Assistant application and navigate to Automations and Scenes.

> 2. Click on "Create Automation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %} and in the lower right corner, select the **Create Automation** button.
```

> 3. Choose the "Webhook" as the trigger type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose the **Webhook** as the trigger type
```

> 4. Click on the "cog" icon next to the webhook ID allow the GET method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next to the webhook ID, select on the cog icon to allow the GET method.
```

> 5. Copy the webhook URL to clipboard by clicking the "copy" icon next to the webhook ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy the webhook URL to the clipboard by clicking the "copy" icon next to the webhook ID.
```

> 6. and save it for later reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Save the URL for later reference.
```

> 7. If applicable, add any desired conditions (the *And if* section) and actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If applicable, add any desired conditions (the *And if* section) and actions.
```

   (the *Then do* section)

> Note: The webhook ID will be later needed in phase two and will have to be entered
> into the wBox mobile app. You may decide to use more convenient text value but remember
> that this is the only thing that authenticates webhooks within your network. Treat
> this ID like a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The webhook ID will be later needed in phase two and will have to be entered
into the wBox mobile app. You may decide to use more a convenient text value. However, remember
that this is the only thing that authenticates webhooks within your network. Treat
this ID like a password.
```

> Phase two requires configuring the device in wBox app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuring the device in the wBox app

```

> 1. Configure the Blebox device (actionBox, actionBoxS, or proxiBox) by adding action of
>    type "send URL"
> 2. Enter the webhook URL copied from phase one as the URL address for the action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the Blebox device (actionBox, actionBoxS, or proxiBox) by adding the action of
   type "send URL".
2. Enter the webhook URL that you copied when generating the webhook. It is the URL address for the action.
```

- Periodic read of current wind speed

### actionBox, actionBoxS, and proxiBox

This integration does not add direct support for actionBox, actionBoxS, and proxiBox
devices. It is however possible to integrate these devices with Home Assistant using
automations via webhooks and wBox mobile app.

The configuration consists of two steps:
- [Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant](generating-the-compatible-webhook-in-home-assistant)
- [Configuring the device in the wBox app](#configuring-the-device-in-the-wbox-app)

> #### Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant

```

- Periodic read of current wind speed

### actionBox, actionBoxS, and proxiBox

This integration does not add direct support for actionBox, actionBoxS, and proxiBox
devices. It is however possible to integrate these devices with Home Assistant using
automations via webhooks and wBox mobile app.

> The configuration consists of two steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration consists of two steps:

```

> - [Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant](generating-the-compatible-webhook-in-home-assistant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant](#generating-the-compatible-webhook-in-home-assistant)
```

- [Configuring the device in the wBox app](#configuring-the-device-in-the-wbox-app)

#### Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant

1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %} and in the lower right corner, select the **Create Automation** button.
2. Choose the **Webhook** as the trigger type
3. Next to the webhook ID, select on the cog icon to allow the GET method.
4. Copy the webhook URL to the clipboard by clicking the "copy" icon next to the webhook ID.
5. Save the URL for later reference.
6. If applicable, add any desired conditions (the *And if* section) and actions.
   (the *Then do* section)

Note: The webhook ID will be later needed in phase two and will have to be entered
into the wBox mobile app. You may decide to use more a convenient text value. However, remember
that this is the only thing that authenticates webhooks within your network. Treat
this ID like a password.

#### Configuring the device in the wBox app

> 1. Configure the Blebox device (actionBox, actionBoxS, or proxiBox) by adding the action of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the device by adding the action of
```

- Brightness
- Color

### Simon 54 GO Control and Simon 55 GO Control

This integration does not add direct support for Simon 54 GO Control and Simon 55 GO
Control devices. It is however possible to integrate these devices with Home Assistant
using automations via webhooks and wBox mobile app.

> Such configuration consists of two phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration consists of two steps:

- [Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant](generating-the-compatible-webhook-in-home-assistant)
- [Configuring the device in the wBox app](#configuring-the-device-in-the-wbox-app)
```

- Brightness
- Color

### Simon 54 GO Control and Simon 55 GO Control

This integration does not add direct support for Simon 54 GO Control and Simon 55 GO
Control devices. It is however possible to integrate these devices with Home Assistant
using automations via webhooks and wBox mobile app.

The configuration consists of two steps:

> - [Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant](generating-the-compatible-webhook-in-home-assistant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant](#generating-the-compatible-webhook-in-home-assistant)
```

- Brightness
- Color

### Simon 54 GO Control and Simon 55 GO Control

This integration does not add direct support for Simon 54 GO Control and Simon 55 GO
Control devices. It is however possible to integrate these devices with Home Assistant
using automations via webhooks and wBox mobile app.

> Such configuration consists of two phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestionThe configuration consists of two steps:

- [Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant](generating-the-compatible-webhook-in-home-assistant)
- [Configuring the device in the wBox app](#configuring-the-device-in-the-wbox-app)
```

> Phase one requires generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant

```

> 1. Open Home Assistant application and navigate to Automations and Scenes.
> 2. Click on "Create Automation"
> 3. Choose the "Webhook" as the trigger type
> 4. Click on the "cog" icon next to the webhook ID allow the GET method
> 5. Copy the webhook URL to clipboard by clicking the "copy" icon next to the webhook ID
> 6. and save it for later reference
> 7. If applicable, add any desired conditions (the *And if* section) and actions
>    (the *Then do* section)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %} and in the lower right corner, select the **Create Automation** button.
2. Choose the **Webhook** as the trigger type
3. Next to the webhook ID, select on the cog icon to allow the GET method.
4. Copy the webhook URL to the clipboard by clicking the "copy" icon next to the webhook ID.
5. Save the URL for later reference.
6. If applicable, add any desired conditions (the *And if* section) and actions.
   (the *Then do* section)
```

Note: The webhook ID will be later needed in phase two and will have to be entered
into the wBox mobile app. You may decide to use more convenient text value but remember
that this is the only thing that authenticates webhooks within your network. Treat
this ID like a password.

> Phase two requires configuring the device in wBox app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuring the device in the wBox app

```

> 1. Configure the Simon GO device by adding action of type "send URL"
> 2. Enter the webhook URL copied from phase one as the URL address for the action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the Simon GO device by adding action of type "send URL".
2. Enter the webhook URL that you copied when generating the webhook. It is the URL address for the action.
```

- Brightness
- Color

### Simon 54 GO Control and Simon 55 GO Control

This integration does not add direct support for Simon 54 GO Control and Simon 55 GO
Control devices. It is however possible to integrate these devices with Home Assistant
using automations via webhooks and wBox mobile app.

Such configuration consists of two phases.

> #### Generating the compatible webhook in Home Assistant
> 
> 1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %} and in the lower right corner, select the **Create Automation** button.
> 2. Choose the **Webhook** as the trigger type
> 3. Next to the webhook ID, select on the cog icon to allow the GET method.
> 4. Copy the webhook URL to the clipboard by clicking the "copy" icon next to the webhook ID.
> 5. Save the URL for later reference.
> 6. If applicable, add any desired conditions (the *And if* section) and actions.
>    (the *Then do* section)
> 
> Note: The webhook ID will be later needed in phase two and will have to be entered
> into the wBox mobile app. You may decide to use more convenient text value but remember
> that this is the only thing that authenticates webhooks within your network. Treat
> this ID like a password.
> 
> #### Configuring the device in the wBox app
> 
> 1. Configure the Simon GO device by adding action of type "send URL".
> 2. Enter the webhook URL that you copied when generating the webhook. It is the URL address for the action.
> 
> Note: in order for this integration flow to work, the webhook URL host must be
> resolvable and accessible within the device network. If in doubt please refer to the
> general [documentation of automations with webhook triggers](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/automation/trigger/#webhook-trigger).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
